Now that we know more about Kinesis Data Analytics,
let's look at a more concrete visualization of how we
might use it in a real‑world scenario.
First, we need an input source.
Let's say we have a Kinesis Data Stream that receives a
completed stock trade from an upstream application.
The stream then ingests all of the incoming upstream data and makes it
available to Kinesis Data Analytics for processing. At this point, Kinesis
Data Analytics can start by running an aggregation to organize the total
number of trades for a particular stock.
This aggregation could then be bound to a window of time that
resets periodically to summarize the data.
Then, whenever the window resets,
the aggregation would continue against the streaming
data source in the next window.
Additionally,
the aggregation can then be configured to output to another stream
and sent along to a user's dashboard or some downstream application
for further processing or storage.
So now you should have a better understanding of how Kinesis Data
Analytics works in action and how it integrates with all these other
Kinesis services and other AWS services to make the most of collecting and storing information in AWS.